Fix TODOs in Jaeger exporter spec (#1374)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk_exporters/jaeger.md

| `InstrumentationLibrary.name`|`otel.library.name`|
| `InstrumentationLibrary.version`|`otel.library.version`|

### Parent ID

Jaeger Thrift format allows capturing parent ID in a top-level Span field.
Jaeger Proto format does not support parent ID field; instead the parent

> must be recorded as a `SpanReference` of type `CHILD_OF`, e.g.:

Reviewer: MUST?

ints using Big Endian byte order, e.g. `[0x10, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00] == 268435456`.
The unsigned ints MUST be converted to `i64` by re-interpreting the existing
64bit value as signed `i64`. For example (in Go):

```go
var (
    id       []byte = []byte{0xFF, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00}
    unsigned uint64 = binary.BigEndian.Uint64(id)
    signed   int64  = int64(unsigned)
)
fmt.Println("unsigned:", unsigned)
fmt.Println("  signed:", signed)
// Output:
// unsigned: 18374686479671623680
//   signed: -72057594037927936
```

### Parent ID

Jaeger Thrift format allows capturing parent ID in a top-level Span field.
Jaeger Proto format does not support parent ID field; instead the parent
MUST be recorded as a `SpanReference` of type `CHILD_OF`, e.g.:

```python
    SpanReference(
        ref_type=opentracing.CHILD_OF,
        trace_id=span.context.trace_id,
        span_id=parent_id,
    )
```

### SpanKind

OpenTelemetry `SpanKind` field MUST be encoded as `span.kind` tag in Jaeger span.

| OpenTelemetry | Jaeger |
| ------------- | ------ |
| `SpanKind.CLIENT`|`"client"`|
| `SpanKind.SERVER`|`"server"`|
| `SpanKind.CONSUMER`|`"consumer"`|
| `SpanKind.PRODUCER`|`"producer"` |

> | `SpanKind.INTERNAL`| do not add `span.kind` tag |

Author: It's fine either way, there's no special processing for "internal". We can allow both, or for consistency require "internal".

> | `SpanKind.INTERNAL`| do not add `span.kind` tag |

Author: My preference is to not include internal since it increases data size without adding any useful info.

> | `SpanKind.INTERNAL`| do not add `span.kind` tag |

Reviewer 2: If you do not mind I would prefer not to change Collector's translation since I am worried that it may break people's stuff who rely on the current behavior (unlikely but possible). So, if using "internal" does not result in any problems for Jaeger let's allow it.

### Unit of time

In Jaeger Thrift format the timestamps and durations MUST be represented in
microseconds (since epoch for timestamps). If the original value in OpenTelemetry

> is expressed in nanoseconds, it MUST be rounded to microseconds.

Reviewer 3: Is floor acceptable instead of rounding mathematically? e.g., what happens normally when doing `TimeUnit.NANOSECONDS.toMicros` in Java

Author: +1

### Error flag

When Span `Status` is set to `ERROR`, an `error` span tag MUST be added with the
Boolean value of `true`. The added `error` tag MAY override any previous value.

### Attributes

OpenTelemetry Span `Attribute`(s) MUST be reported as `tags` to Jaeger.

Primitive types MUST be represented by the corresponding types of Jaeger tags.

Array values MUST be serialized to string like a JSON list as mentioned in
[semantic conventions](../../overview.md#semantic-conventions).

### Links

OpenTelemetry `Link`(s) MUST be converted to `SpanReference`(s) in Jaeger,

> using `FOLLOWS_FROM` reference type. The Link's attributes cannot be represented

Author: What you're describing is the behavior needed to represent ParentID, and I will clarify that it must be the first in the list. But this is a section for additional Links.

> in Jaeger explicitly. The exporter MAY convert link attributes to span `Log`(s):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
in Jaeger explicitly. The exporter MAY convert links to span `Log`(s) to preserve attributes:
```

Looking at the below conversion, it seems like it is more than just attributes being stored in Log (trace_id, span_id)

* use Span start time as the timestamp of the Log
* set Log tag `event=link`
* set Log tags `trace_id` and `span_id` from `SpanContext`'s fields

> * store `Link`'s attributes and Log tags

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* store `Link`'s attributes as Log tags
```
